{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;\red0\green0\blue233;
\red216\green244\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
\cssrgb\c87451\c96471\c98824;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project Documentation & Development Plan
\f1\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 The development of this website was initially based on the structure and weekly task breakdown provided by the professor. This plan was very clear and well-structured, and it served as a general guideline for understanding the recommended workflow when building a website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. However, once the practical work began, some steps were adapted or reordered to better suit my personal working process.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 At the beginning of the project, during class and with the guidance of the teacher, a Bootstrap template was opened as a starting point. Although this provided an initial structure, I realized that the template was becoming a limitation rather than an advantage. Because I wanted to add more sections and customize the layout of the landing page, working on top of pre-written Bootstrap code caused me confusion between the existing structure and the new code I needed to introduce. For this reason, I decided to step back from the template.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Before continuing with the website\'92s development on visual studio code, I chose to design the website in Figma. This phase included defining the visual identity, color palette, typographies, layout, images, and the different sections of the portfolio. Designing the website first allowed me to have a clear and detailed vision of the final result, which made the implementation phase more efficient and intentional.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Once the design was finalized, I returned to the development process and followed the teacher\'92s task structure in a more flexible way. The project repository was set up on GitHub, the file structure was organized, and the HTML was built using semantic elements. The CSS was structured using custom properties for colors and typography, and although the layout wasn\'92t developed with a mobile-first approach, I was constantly checking this format to make sure the responsiveness was working.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 In practice, the project was not developed following a strict weekly schedule. As the work was done during the holiday vacation period, I did not break down the steps or goals by week. Instead, I worked whenever possible, prioritizing having the core code and the overall visual appearance of the website functioning correctly. Once the structure, layout, and lastly, the interactions were in place, I focused on secondary tasks such as writing the README file, refining details, and optimizing assets, including adding images through a CDN.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Not all tasks were followed exactly as outlined in the original timeline. For example, the project license was chosen before the code was fully finished, GSAP was not used for animations, and the README file was completed at the end of the project rather than at the beginning. These decisions were made based on the needs of the project and my own workflow, prioritizing clarity, maintainability, and a smooth development process over strict adherence to the proposed schedule.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Overall, the professor\'92s plan functioned as a strong organizational reference, while the final workflow reflects a more design-first, flexible, and iterative approach adapted to the context of the project and the way I work.
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 License:
\f3\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This project is licensed under the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International}}
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 You are free to:
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Share \'97 copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Adapt \'97 remix, transform, and build upon the material\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa1546\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Under the following rules:
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Attribution \'97 You must give {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-appropriate-credit"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 appropriate credit}}, provide a link to the license, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-indicate-changes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 indicate if changes were made}}. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 NonCommercial \'97 You may not use the material for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-commercial-purposes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 commercial purposes}}.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ShareAlike \'97 If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-same-license"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 same license}} as the original.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa1546\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No additional restrictions \'97 You may not apply legal terms or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-technological-measures"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 technological measures}} that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Notices:
\f1\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa960\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-exception-or-limitation"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 exception or limitation}}.\'a0
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/#ref-publicity-privacy-or-moral-rights"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 publicity, privacy, or moral rights}}may limit how you use the material.
\f3\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Consult the link for the complete information: \cb5 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb1 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/}}
\f3\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}